What I created: The simple code was created quickly. I used fonts and colors I liked, without over complicating things. This assignment felt like a test to play around with Java. Just something simple to get started. The whole project was pretty simple; however, I was struggling to figure out why my question and answer prompt wasn't working right. Which is where the AI step came in for me. 
What AI created: I used ChatGPT to see what it would create. I simply took the assignment prompt and copied it into the search bar. The AI made way more of an effort than I did. It added pictures and more text. It felt like an actual website, instead of just something used to test some code. However, it did answer my question to why my prompt wasn't working correctly, so that was nice. 
How I would feel if only used AI: I hate AI. Just seeing it makes me sick. I felt a wave of guilt wave over me just by opening it. I've had a very strong consious/inner monolouge since I was a kid and it still plagues me to this day. I didn't like using when asked to do it for this assignment and previous ones from other classes. I don't understand how someone could use a platform to get their work done and not feel bad about it. If I used AI for every part of a project, it wouldn't feel like it was mine anymore. Just a mashup of stolen ideas into one thing. 
Could I explain the code: I'm not great at coding already. I could probably get through the html part pretty well and this point. However, Java is still kind of confusing, but I'll get there. It just takes practice. From looking at the code the AI made it did make since. I could think about what it does, but I don't think I could put it into words. 
Does it still feel like my own: Yes this little project still feels like my own work. AI answered one of my questions and it was a simple fix that I didn't know I could do. I made everything, I typed it all out from my brain. AI simply aided in toubleshooting. 