Mine: For this project, I reworked the beginning of a story I've been working on for the past year. I think it's fun to try the story in different ways of storytelling. It started as a video game concept, then a film, and now a choose your own adventure game. As I continue reworking the outline I find any flaws in the story and make it better. This story is going to hold a special place in my heart as I continue in my career. I'd like to make it reality. While this website is a small section of the opening of the story, it sets up important plot details throughout the rest of the story. 
When creating the site, I went through lots of trial and error. I would think I had everything perfect, then it wouldn't work. Then I'd try something else, and it still wouldn't work. Thanks to the example files I finally decoded what I did wrong. I didn't put the first paragraph into a div block. However, once I did this assignment got really easy. I could finally just tell my story and not worry about it breaking. 

AI: The code ChatGPT made was interesting. It was pretty basic and there wasn't much content to it. There were three options; however, you couldn't explore past each option more than one time. I do like how it added a "courage" counter. It's like they tried to make it more game like and that there was some basic bones to the story. The styling was also pretty basic. No color and very large images that were kind of overwhelming next to the small text at the bottom. I do like how the image changed with every choice though. It's something I didn't think about doing. 